Server Documentation by Functionality
-------------------------------------

1.  Front End
2.  Backend/DB
3.  RabbitMQ
4.  Data Extraction


1. Front End
------------

The front end consists of a collection of files hosted on Jason's machine.  This
machine serves as the first point of contact for our system as it is the actual
web application.  Front end makes calls using RabbitMQ to the database in order
to authenticate and log in users, retrieve user information and display data
to end users.  Three separate clusters exist for the Front end, comprising of a
Development, Quality Assurance (testing), and Production with a hot standby for
the Production cluster incase of an outage.


2. Backend/DB
-------------

The backend/DB system is comprised of Zonaid's machine running MySQL server with
three separate clusters for Development, Quality Assurance (Testing), and Production
with a hot standby for the Production server in case of outages.  Using a cronjob,
the MySQL databases are exported as mysqldumps every day to ensure redundant storage
of user and hurricane data


3. RabbitMQ
-----------

The RabbitMQ system is comprised of Yvens/Jimmy's machines and serves as a medium
for secure and reliable communication between all other connected machines.  This
system features three separate clusters for Development, Quality Assurance (testing),
and Production.  A hot standby for the Production server is in place in the event
of a failure on the main production instance.  The RabbitMQ system hosts multiple
channels for each other system to communicate not only with the central RabbitMQ
server, but also with all other machines.


4.  Data Extraction
-------------------

The data extraction system serves as a medium for collecting and passing data to
the database for use on the front end on Kenny's machine.  Three separate clusters
exist for Development, Quality Assurance (testing), and Production with a hot
standby for the production server incase of a failure on the main.  The data extraction
is comprised of API scripts making calls from multiple websites and other services
such as Open Weather Map and ParseHub.
